[theme tune intro playing]
[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[computer blipping]
[Jeremy] It's now or never.
[action music]
Hm.
[mechanical footsteps]
[panting]
[Yumi panting]
[action music]
[panting]
[groans]
[battle cry]
[grunts] Go on, Aelita, go!
-[Aelita panting]
-[grunts]
[Jeremy] Odd's on his way.
[Ulrich] Impact!
[Aelita panting]
[panting]
[Jeremy] Mega tank approaching.
Hold it.
[Odd] Come and get me, you bowling ball!
[shouting] Yah!
[Odd] Laser arrow!
[gasping]
[sighs]
It's okay. Aelita's in the tower.
[Jeremy] As usual, guys,
-great job.
-[ethereal music]
That's right. Another XANA attack
chalked up, another tower gone.
[Jeremy] Okay, get ready
for the return trip to the past.
[theme music]
[light music]
[Ms. Hertz] And so, this equation,
which you weren't able to solve,
-would have enabled you to...
-[bell rings]
[Ms. Hertz] Class dismissed,
and don't forget your chemistry exercise
for tomorrow.
[unintelligible chatter]
[girl] Actually, I prefer Odd.
He's funny too.
[boy] I got bonus points
for making level five.
Hmm.
Well guys, how was class today
with Ms. Hertz? Was it fun?
The same lesson as before the XANA attack,
so it was twice as boring.
Once, twice, it doesn't matter.
You'll never be good in physics.
[Odd] Well, if it isn't Sissi.
[imitating Sissi] "Hello Ulrich dear.
Can we talk for a minute?"
Hello, Ulrich dear.
Can we talk for a minute?
[Odd giggling]
First, I'm not "Ulrich dear."
Second of all, I will not go to your room
to explain exercise B, page 52.
But, how did you know that I...?
[Yumi and Jeremy snigger]
[grumbles]
[Yumi] A Sissi attack
is as bad as a XANA attack,
-and ten times more boring!
-[Ulrich] For sure.
[theme music]
[Ulrich] Anyone feel like sneaking out
and going into town for a while?
Count me out.
I've got a heavy date with my pillow.
And I'm gonna work on my program
for materializing Aelita.
-One of these days, I'm gonna do it.
-[Ulrich] And you, Yumi?
Wanna have an ice cream?
No, not tonight. I've gotta study.
I'm way behind thanks
to all these XANA attacks.
-See you.
-[Jeremy] Ciao, Yumi. See you tomorrow.
-Another exciting evening.
-[Jeremy and Odd] Ciao.
[melancholic music]
[sighs]
[door creaks]
You ought to take a shower.
It really relaxes you.
[Odd yawning]
Tell me what your day was like.
Nothing special. Let's see now.
I had the embarrassment of my life
in gym class.
My shorts tore, you can guess where.
Then I lost my pencil case in the library.
And I had a fight with Marcy.
And that's what my day was like.
[Ulrich] No, what I mean, is...
don't you feel you've already had
the same exact day?
Well, yeah, but that's normal.
Don't forget, we had the same French,
English and Physics class twice,
and on Lyoko, it was
"Yoo hoo, it's us" for the seventh time.
"Yoo hoo, it's us?"
That's what I call our game plan;
the one we use to help Aelita
to reach the tower safe and sound.
Why all these questions, huh?
No reason. I...
I'm fed up with all this: school, Lyoko,
back to school,
back to Lyoko and this is XANA's
fifth attack in a week.
[Ulrich] I'm also fed up
with what's happening to Yumi and me.
Once in a while, I get the feeling that...
that she doesn't really like me...
that she doesn't have any feelings for me.
[sighs]
[snoring]
[melancholic music]
[water dripping]
[Ulrich] Hi Emily.
-Hello, Ulrich. I'm looking for Jim.
-[Ulrich sighs]
-Have you seen him?
-No, sorry.
[sighs]
[Emily] That's okay. Good night.
[Ulrich to self] I don't believe it.
Does she have a thing for me?
-[door slams]
-[gasps]
[door slams]
Oh!
[Jim] Ulrich, if you're gonna sleepwalk,
do it in your room.
Oh! Hi, Jim.
By the way, Emily's looking for you.
[Jim grumbles]
[determined]
[tense music]
[computer beeping]
[mechanical clanking]
[robotic clanking]
[tense music]
[electrical crackles]
[computer beeps]
[theme music]
[light music]
[Yumi to self] Ulrich?
[laughs]
What's he doing with Emily?
They sure don't look bored.
Hmm.
Hello. What kind of a game does
he think he's playing?
He's just talking to her.
What, are you, jealous?
What? Me, jealous of Emily?
You've gotta be kidding.
Besides, she's a year older than him,
and that's a lot.
[groans]
Guess what? You are also
a year older than him.
I guess you just forgot.
Yeah well, it's not the same thing.
I'm Ulrich's girlfriend.
[stutters] I mean I...
I'm his good friend.
You know,
Ulrich's been kind of down in the dumps.
So if he wants to talk to another girl,
don't make a big deal out of it.
[shouting] Who says that I am?
[Nicolas]
This machine's gonna drive me bananas!
-[laughing]
-[Herb] That's double big news.
Ulrich without Yumi,
and Ulrich with Emily.
Emily? How dare she!
The nerve of her going after him!
If Yumi's out of the picture,
I'm next on the list!
Speaking of Yumi,
she's not taking it too well.
-Neither are you, Sissi.
-Shut up.
I just got a really great idea
that's bound to make Ulrich all mine.
Quite a romance going on there.
[laughing]
Two months already. That's not bad.
-What?
-Oh, I thought you knew.
[Sissi] Doesn't Ulrich
tell you everything?
I mean, you two are so close.
I've decided to give up on him.
There's no hope.
I'll have to forget him.
And, if I were you, I would do the same.
You're not me, Sissi, so save your advice
if you don't mind! What a pest!
-[Ulrich] You didn't know?
-[Emily laughs]
[Herb] Sissi, do you mind
explaining your strategy?
[Sissi giggles]
Hmm.
[theme music]
-[computer beeping]
-Jeremy!
XANA's launched another attack.
[Jeremy] Are you feeling pulsations?
[through computer] Yes, in the desert
region. They're really strong.
I've never seen him
so active as he is now.
Sorry guys, you've gotta go back,
and right away too.
Well, as they say, when you gotta go,
you gotta go.
-[Jeremy nods]
-[phone beeps]
-[busy phone signal]
-Ulrich has shut off his cell phone.
Yeah, he's too busy with Emily.
Hang on, I'll go and get him.
[Jeremy] Yumi, no. Wait...
[light music]
[Emily] Wanna go for a walk, Ulrich?
[Ulrich nods]
-[Ulrich] It's nice to relax...
-Hey, Ulrich!
-[shrugs]
-Come here for a second.
Hello, Yumi.
-I'll be right back, okay?
-[Emily nods]
I hate to disturb you, Romeo,
but Jeremy's been trying to reach you.
XANA's just woken up.
XANA, again? Go on, I'll be right there.
What do you mean, go on?
Cool it, huh, Yumi.
Okay, I'll cool it.
Tell me what's with you and her.
Nothing's going on.
I like her. We get along really well.
I don't understand the problem.
-Unless that bothers you?
-Bothers me?
No, it's just that...
[angrily] that you could've told me
about it! Like a buddy, huh?
Oh, I get it. You think of us as buddies.
I wondered what you thought of us.
Now, I know.
[sobbing] That's right, a couple of pals,
nothing more, and besides,
that's the way you want it.
Not like Emily, huh? Oh, Ulrich!
[Ulrich] Okay, what do I really mean
to you?
And be honest, huh?
Me be honest?
You and Emily have been together
for two months without a word,
and you tell me to be honest?
Where did you get that?
Emily and I are not...
Oh, forget it.
I'm not gonna defend myself to you. Ciao.
[sobbing and angrily] Yeah, right, ciao.
That's all you can think of to say!
-[phone rings]
-Ulrich?
Oh, Jeremy. Yeah, I told him.
He's on his way there.
-Me too, yeah. I'll be right there.
-[phone beep]
[sighs]
Now that act two is over,
the final act is all mine.
[Herb] All yours? But what about Emily?
For a pro like me, Emily's no problem.
In exactly thirty seconds,
Ulrich will be in my arms.
[chuckles]
See you later.
[sighs]
[Sissi] Ulrich, dear,
I have to tell you something.
It can't wait any longer.
Sissi, "dear," under normal conditions,
I would take the time to tell you
to go fly a kite,
but this time, I'll just ignore you.
-[Herb laughing] Your 30 seconds are up.
-[Sissi grumbles]
[theme music]
[Jeremy] No, everything's quiet here.
No short circuits,
no giant bug invasion,
no earthquakes. How about you?
Well, I'm almost at the tower,
but no monsters have appeared yet.
If not for the pulsations, there's
no other sign that XANA's woken up.
[Jeremy] I wonder
if this isn't a new tactic of his.
What if the attack is aimed
at us directly?
For example, this argument
between Yumi and Ulrich.
Suppose that XANA is just using Emily
to mess with our heads?
I got a better idea.
He's using
your ridiculous theories to distract us.
What's the matter with you?
I was just trying to help.
Give us a break, Odd, will you?
Stay out of this.
[Odd sighs]
Hey, stay calm.
I think one of you should do
a little reconnaissance on Lyoko.
Well, who wants to be first?
[Odd moans]
[Yumi moans]
[Jeremy] Don't all of you answer at once.
Send Ulrich. He needs to be entertained.
He'd love to go to Lyoko.
[Ulrich] Ladies first.
Get her out of our hair.
[Jeremy] Look, I'm tired of
this quarreling.
Aelita needs us,
and that's what I call an emergency.
So head for the scanners.
All three of you are going!
-[Jeremy] Aelita.
-[computer beeping]
-Help is on the way.
-[mechanical clanking]
I better warn you, Yumi and Ulrich
are a bit, well, you might say, buggy?
[Aelita]
They've been fighting again, don't they?
You guessed it, Aelita.
I'm gonna transfer you
to the desert region.
Don't forget you have to protect Aelita,
all three of you.
[theme music]
Okay, here we go.
Transfer Yumi. Transfer Ulrich.
Transfer Odd.
[machine buzzes]
[Jeremy] Scanner Ulrich.
Scanner Yumi.
Scanner Odd.
Virtualization.
[computer beeps]
[gasps]
[digital whirring]
-[Ulrich grunts]
-[Yumi grunts]
[action music]
Hi.
Hello, Aelita.
-Hey, Aelita.
-Huh?
There was a bug at the moment of transfer.
-Are they...?
-Don't worry. Everyone is accounted for.
[Aelita] Safe, sound and ready to go.
I dunno what it was. I'll run a scan.
We'll see what happened.
[computer beeps]
[grunts]
[Jeremy] What is this mess?
-[computer beeps]
-[digital whirring]
[Jeremy] Aelita?
I think the super calculator
has been infected with a virus.
So that's the XANA attack.
But that's crazy. Why would XANA
want to infect himself?
Well, you never know what XANA's got
in his head until it's done.
Unless he's using it to modify a program
that he doesn't have access to.
But which one?
[Jeremy] I don't know, but it looks like
he wants to change the rules on Lyoko.
[Yumi] I've got a funny feeling
about this.
We've got to take a closer look into this.
[Jeremy] There has to be
a deactivated tower not far from you.
Okay, I'm off.
[intermittent digital buzzing]
[theme music]
[footsteps]
I hope you're not gonna kill each other
if I leave you two alone.
[whiffle]
[Aelita sighs]
[ethereal music]
Hmm?
[Aelita] Jeremy. Okay, I'm here.
I have access to the transfer program.
[computer beeps]
This is very strange.
Usually, the program doesn't include
any of XANA's creatures. It's really weird
-[Odd grunts]
-[Ulrich] You go. You're the closest.
Now I understand, Jeremy. It's a trap.
XANA's sabotaged
the devirtualization program.
[Jeremy] Huh?
[Jeremy] Odd, watch out for lasers.
This monster can kill you for good.
Laser arrow!
[Odd grunts]
[Ulrich] What's going on?
[Jeremy] XANA's monsters
can prove fatal to you.
You can't be devirtualized
or you'll disappear forever.
[Jeremy] Oh, no!
Odd's lost fifty life points already!
[computer beeping]
[Ulrich] Calm down, Jeremy.
Odd's still here with us.
You don't understand.
He just got hit by a laser.
-That means he's only got...
-[Ulrich] Jeremy.
Aelita takes the same risks all the time.
Nothing's changed for us.
-We have to be more careful, that's all.
-[Yumi] One thing is sure.
XANA's really trapped us, and we'd better
not make a mistake this time.
[grunts]
It'll make the fight more exciting.
[panting]
I've got to deactivate the tower fast,
before XANA has a chance
to concentrate all his strength on...
That's the safest solution.
[Jeremy] Hurry,
but watch out for monsters.
Meanwhile, I'll try to get rid
of the virus.
[Jeremy] Listen XANA,
if you think you can impress me
with your cheap two bit virus,
you are mistaken.
-[computer beeps]
-[computer keys clatter]
[panting]
[Jeremy grunts]
I'm never gonna get it to work.
[sighs]
XANA has completely wrecked the circuits.
There's only one possible solution:
work directly on the hardware.
[mechanical clanking]
-[sinister music]
-[rumbling]
[mechanical clanking]
[grunts]
[Jeremy to self] There's gotta be
an access here.
All I gotta do is find it.
[gasps]
[machine beeps]
Here?
No.
[grunts]
It must be in the super calculator room.
-[digital beeping]
-[Jeremy to self] No, no way.
On this floor,
everything's locked up tight.
Now, what?
-[mechanical clanking]
-Oh, no!
XANA, you're even more evil
than I thought.
[panting]
[Aelita] Jeremy, how are you doing?
-[computer beeping]
-Jeremy?
[Jeremy to self] The access bays.
If I adjust the winch,
I should be get down.
[Aelita gasps]
The tower! It's there!
[theme music]
[mechanical whirring]
[Jeremy grunts]
[sinister music]
[Jeremy grunts] You don't scare me, XANA.
I've just gotta replace the circuits
you messed up,
and you'll fail again,
like the other times.
It's all over.
If we try to get through all this,
we're done for.
[Ulrich] You never know.
We just have to hang on
until Aelita enters the code.
It's "yoo hoo, it's us" time!
[nods]
Yumi, you take the crab.
Odd and I will take on the mega tanks.
[Ulrich] Aelita, go on. Run!
[stutters] Ulrich,
I...
-Hm. Be careful, Yumi.
-You too, Ulrich.
[panting]
[Ulrich yells] Yeah.
[Ulrich grunting]
[panting]
-[Odd grunts]
-[laser blasts]
[Odd yelps] Keep rolling. Laser arrow!
[explosion]
[grunts]
[Yelps and grunts]
[Odd shouting] Yumi.
I'm coming.
[tense music]
[Jeremy] Bingo!
You were just...
[screams]
[groaning]
[winch whirring]
[Jeremy screams]
-[winch whirring]
-[Jeremy grunts]
-[Aelita grunts]
-[laser blasting]
[panting]
-[Yumi grunts]
-[blasting]
-[Ulrich] Yumi, no!
-[Yumi screams]
[Ulrich] It's okay. I got you.
-[Ulrich grunts]
-[Yumi sighs]
[ethereal music]
Ulrich, you...
[Ulrich sighs]
[computer beeps]
[romantic music]
[computer beeping]
[rewinding]
[girl] Actually, I prefer Odd.
He's funny, too.
[boy] I got bonus points
for making level five.
[laughing]
Quite a romance, don't you think?
Two months already, huh?
Really? Two months? That long?
-There's Yumi. So long now, Emily.
-So long.
[Emily] Ain't love grand?
[chuckles]
-Huh?
-Hi, I was waiting for you.
So was I.
Two months is a pretty long time,
but Sissi was here to keep me company.
-Hmm?
-Thanks.
[humph]
Bunch of creeps.
Yumi, you know,
about what happened on Lyoko...
I mean, what nearly happened.
Now that you mention it...
Uhm...
I'd rather you didn't talk about
it to Odd or Jeremy.
At least, not right away.
Yeah...
I agree. Not a word.
[both giggle]
-[bell rings]
-[Jeremy] Ulrich.
Don't forget we've got Ms. Hertz's class
to go to one more time.
Well, it wasn't all that boring on Lyoko,
was it, Ulrich?
You're right, Odd,
and I learned something too...
something super important.
[theme music]